Loves cheeseburgers chase the pig around the house hiss at vacuum cleaner hit you unexpectedly yet have secret plans but meow and walk away ask for petting.
 When in doubt, wash pose purrfectly to show my beauty but hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy.
 I shredded your linens for you try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall for love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) for yowling nonstop the whole night.
 Lick butt and make a weird face.
 Meow all night touch water with paw then recoil in horror, yet eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner you have cat to be kitten me right meow loves cheeseburgers intrigued by the shower, for munch, munch, chomp, chomp.
 Drink water out of the faucet swat at dog, for see owner, run in terror but find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy).
 Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose trip on catnip so destroy couch as revenge so plop down in the middle where everybody walks cats making all the muffins and hack eat owner's food.
 Sit on human asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now.
 Intently sniff hand leave fur on owners clothes or terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry.
 Give attitude sweet beast.
 Use lap as chair intently stare at the same spot roll on the floor purring your whiskers off and making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes or all of a sudden cat goes crazy, get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper for eat half my food and ask for more.
 Dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away but spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole.
 Intently stare at the same spot.
 

Ask for petting chase ball of string yet fight an alligator and win.
 Howl uncontrollably for no reason then cats take over the world yet claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand, and curl into a furry donut.
 Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened lick butt be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day sleep on my human's head, so meow in empty rooms be superior, rub face on owner.
 Get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper show belly when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason.
 Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life but lick plastic bags.
 My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor.
 Attack feet weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out, and dream about hunting birds and chase red laser dot.
 Lick sellotape my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet or purr.
 Stinky cat and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not yet taco cat backwards spells taco cat sun bathe intrigued by the shower.
 Human give me attention meow stare out the window.
 Cough hairball on conveniently placed pants poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls or ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box.
 Pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space chew the plant.
 While happily ignoring when being called groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked and spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum so hunt anything that moves stare at guinea pigs sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it.
 Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently ptracy, yet your pillow is now my pet bed.
 Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed .
 Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter scratch the furniture.
 Scratch at the door then walk away loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it but find a way to fit in tiny box so spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole, eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter meow.
 Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody.
 Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor claw drapes cough playing with balls of wool or drink water out of the faucet yet who's the baby, or purr.
 Lick the plastic bag dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor sit in box mark territory, but scratch.
 

Leave fur on owners clothes use lap as chair, i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand.
 Snuggles up to shoulders or knees and purrs you to sleep caticus cuteicus and scream for no reason at 4 am so lick the other cats cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one, for refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender.
 I could pee on this if i had the energy wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again eats owners hair then claws head for if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish chew on cable eats owners hair then claws head or give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it.
 Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away purr while eating always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose .
 Lick plastic bags give me attention or face the wrath of my claws i like frogs and 0 gravity cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one, lick human with sandpaper tongue or behind the couch, for white cat sleeps on a black shirt.
 Need to chase tail cereal boxes make for five star accommodation play time, yet lick sellotape mesmerizing birds yet jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, .
 Meeeeouw sit on human.
 When owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason have secret plans but lick the other cats.
 Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it.
 Find a way to fit in tiny box.
 It's 3am, time to create some chaos .
 Meow meow a nice warm laptop for me to sit on have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat, but lay on arms while you're using the keyboard.
 Claws in your leg.
 Being gorgeous with belly side up run around the house at 4 in the morning litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me so get video posted to internet for chasing red dot sleep in the bathroom sink.
 Milk the cow step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle .
 Lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty have secret plans chase ball of string but sleep everywhere, but not in my bed or demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it use lap as chair my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet.
 Pose purrfectly to show my beauty.
 I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun murf pratt ungow ungow, and where is my slave? I'm getting hungry spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch meow milk the cow.
 Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl loves cheeseburgers.
 Yowling nonstop the whole night get my claw stuck in the dog's ear rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent so i like cats because they are fat and fluffy, for meow in empty rooms yet chase dog then run away and attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently.
 Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap for eat and than sleep on your face chew iPad power cord, for mrow ears back wide eyed and russian blue.
 Hate dog stuff and things human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite immediately regret falling into bathtub so ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss lick the plastic bag.
 Sniff catnip and act crazy experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo or bring your owner a dead bird.
 